---
title: About
layout: about
nav_order: 1
---

<h1 class="fs-9">Because your software's access is precious</h1>

<p class="fs-6 fw-300">LicenseGate is an open-source licensing tool for developers. Create, manage and
verify licenses or api keys for your software with ease.</p>

[Get started now](/getting-started){: .btn .btn-primary .btn-blue .fs-5 .mb-4
.mb-md-0 .mr-2 } [View it on GitHub](https://github.com/DevLeoko/license-gate){:
.btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

# Use Cases

## Managing access to your software

A common use case for LicenseGate is to manage access to your software. This
becomes especially relevant if your software does not have the inherent need for
user accounts.

### Frontend-only applications

**Scenario:** You developed a image editing software that runs on the client's
machine. Now you want to offer a premium version of your software but you don't
want to implement a user account system. LicenseGate can help you with that.

You don't need any backend infrastructure to use LicenseGate. You manage your
licenses in the LicenseGate dashboard and use the LicenseGate API to verify the
license in your software.

Many popular software products use this approach. For example, Sublime Text,
previous versions of Photoshop and many more.

### Applications with a backend

**Scenario:** You developed a text-to-speech web application with a backend that
handles the audio processing. You want to limit the access to your service and
have different rate limits for different users. LicenseGate can help you with
that.

Implementing a user account system is not always the best solution. And
implementing good rate limiting (or other restrictions) can be a hassle. With
LicenseGate all that is just one API call away.

## API key management

Another use case for LicenseGate is to manage API keys for your software. This
is especially useful if you offer a service that is used by other developers.
You don't only have granular control over the access to your service, but you
also have detailed insights into the usage of your service thanks to the
LicenseGate verification analytics.

## Protecting custom software in the selling process

**Scenario:** You developed a custom software for a client and have usage
agreements in place. Or the client wants to try out the software before making
the purchase. LicenseGate can help you with that.

You can create a license for the client and manage the access to the software
with LicenseGate. You can also set a time limit for the trial period and oversee
the usage of the software.

## There is more

These are just a few examples of what you can do with LicenseGate. We would love
to hear about your use case. [Let us know](mailto:lets@respark.dev) how you use
LicenseGate.
